\*Known bugs Notes:
Styling differs a bit on Android than on iOS
Quiz high score counter not aligning properly to the displayed score at end of quiz
Quiz text options need to be resized (requires refactoring due to method implemented in generating the buttons)

How to use STEM-VERSE:
At the home page you can choose to explore any of the four STEM subjects. And each category you can find 4 options listed below.

[Category] Topics:
Each [Category] Topics page has various topics that you can scroll through and select “Learn More” to open up a bigger description and scroll again if needed to a link to a video on the topics. You can go back to the list of topics by touching the “close” button. All 4 categories have different topics based on the category you’re in and all information is being passed in through a JSON file.

Quiz:
Each topic has its own quiz. Each quiz is saved in a json file with the appropriate topic title. The quiz component takes the list of quiz objects for a topic and displays the questions, in a modal. The quiz length is dynamically generated by the length of the appropriate quiz json allowing for easy addition of questions in the future. The score is calculated at the end of the quiz and the score is compared to a max of the user using a redux state and displayed in the quiz start screen

News Articles/Stories:
The news articles are generated using a google api to get a list of articles related to our search criteria. These entries are then placed in a custom component, with a button that allows the user to open the article in the native browser window of the device. Each search entry is specific to it’s topic. Improvements can be made by refining the search terms used.

When I grow up:
This page is about jobs that are related to the topic, all the jobs are saved in a json file with the appropriate topic title. The job component takes the list jobs of objects for a topic and it has more details and sends them to another web page to show more details. Click on the different topics and send to different jobs that are related to the topic.
